----------------------------------------------------------
        Muhsin Maqsood
New York Institute of Technology
         October 2024
----------------------------------------------------------

Day 1
    Working on this project the estimated date of completion is 10/18/2024 (October 18th), the road map is currently being planned
    This is essentially a text based adventure with the ability to move through rooms and interact with set items.
    I currently have planned for it to be a more gloomy experience and am making the pseudocode, it will be set around a
    constantly refreshing menu function that connects to other functions including the search, move, and quit functions.
    These will then reference other functions to confirm movement, interact with items, and verify item locations!

Day 2
    Ok so today I sat down to code the project, essentially dedicating my day to it. I thought of using a 2d list containing
    lists of the items in a room to actually manage the rooms and their contents for player interactiveness. This could be
    easy to maintain but I thought too hard to implement for all rooms/items, so I will use a manual if/elif/else statement
    to sort through the items in a room based on player inputs specifying the name of the item they want. This is just as accurate
    as the players inputs will be verified and standardized using the .lower() function. I also just made the base functions today
    and they work all fine, the timer also works and the succumb works. The inventory is a WIP and the 2d list idea was scrapped.

Day 3
    This day was very productive, the move function was finalized and the movement verifying function was added, this allows
    for rooms to essentially have custom requirements to move to them, the inventory system is not developed yet but it will
    rely on checking the inventory for a certain item and ticking a checker variable (usually its the item used to open the way
    like a key which is after

Day 4
    A lot of flaws rose up, I finished the search action completely and added in inventory functions, I just have to make the bread
    box rainbow puzzle, I will do that under a function called puzzlesolver(). I realized that my variables cannot work in local
    environments which effected the usedXItem variables which I then removed from the code, I'm willing to accept that defeat as making local
    variables would upend a lot of code and it's fine the way it is right now anyways as the descriptions still work.

Day 5
    Ok approaching the problem a bit differently I got it down, I scaled back from 4 endings to just 3 and will be continuing with that in mind
    I also will not add more items and will be reducing overall scale so that the deadline is met, after all this project is already good and
    big enough as well as being pretty cool. I also stopped using global functions inside the local functions and switched to using the
    inventory system like I did with the resonating amulet item, I also introduced the random code for the breadbox puzzle which uses the
    random module to choose the random integers for the code before combining them into one string before initialization of the program.
    The program is basically done and now I will stop documenting and add some comments before I continue and make the report.
    Finally last thing is that I did the reqs page and I import the sys command specifically for the wingamecond() function to end the
    game after the player wins. END REPORT...